Moon Smile, how can you hit someone?
I hit a dog, not a human
His mouth is so dirty
You should clean him up
Sister, he asked to smile and hit me in front of so many people
It seems that he doesn't take our Lin family seriously
I don't take you seriously
My Moon Smile
Why should I care about people like you?
The bigger a group you are
Transfer shares to a delivery person
It seems that there must be some cooperation between the two of you
And things
I didn't like you for a long time
What are you?
How dare you hit me?
One by one
It's all bad things
Man splashes out
You wait and see
Today is the Golden Dragon Award reception
You hit people in front of so many people
And treat the venue like this
i
You don't take that big guy seriously?
Your Lin family barks in front of me
I naturally have a responsibility to educate
How, Miss Lin?
You also want to taste what it's like to be taught a lesson
Xue Zhilong, this is all because of you
We're long over
But you went to Jinlongjiang Jiuhui to pester me
Now you get out of here